README.md, before:

# Git-Easy: Interactive Git Learning Platform

Git-Easy is a modern web application designed to help users learn and practice Git commands through an interactive interface. Built with React and Vite, it provides a hands-on learning experience for Git version control.

## Features

- 📚 Interactive Git tutorials
- 💻 Practice environment with terminal emulator
- 📊 Progress tracking
- 🔐 User authentication
- 📱 Responsive design with Tailwind CSS

## Tech Stack

- React 18
- Vite
- React Router DOM
- Tailwind CSS
- React Terminal UI
- React Markdown

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (Latest LTS version recommended)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone [your-repo-url]
cd git-learning-platform
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:5173`

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run preview` - Preview production build
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

## Project Structure

- `/src` - Source code
  - `/components` - Reusable React components
  - `/context` - React context providers
  - `/pages` - Main application pages
  - `/assets` - Static assets
  - `/data` - Tutorial and practice content

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

test: add test section to README

README.md, after:

# Git-Easy: Interactive Git Learning Platform

Git-Easy is a modern web application designed to help users learn and practice Git commands through an interactive interface. Built with React and Vite, it provides a hands-on learning experience for Git version control.

## Features

- 📚 Interactive Git tutorials
- 💻 Practice environment with terminal emulator
- 📊 Progress tracking
- 🔐 User authentication
- 📱 Responsive design with Tailwind CSS

## Tech Stack

- React 18
- Vite
- React Router DOM
- Tailwind CSS
- React Terminal UI
- React Markdown

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (Latest LTS version recommended)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone [your-repo-url]
cd git-learning-platform
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:5173`

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run preview` - Preview production build
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

## Project Structure

- `/src` - Source code
  - `/components` - Reusable React components
  - `/context` - React context providers
  - `/pages` - Main application pages
  - `/assets` - Static assets
  - `/data` - Tutorial and practice content

## Test Change
This is a test change to verify our Git workflow is working correctly.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
